README.md, before:

AlertHub
--------

```
   _   _           _                _
  /_\ | | ___ _ __| |_  /\  /\_   _| |__
 //_\\| |/ _ \ '__| __|/ /_/ / | | | '_ \
/  _  \ |  __/ |  | |_/ __  /| |_| | |_) |
\_/ \_/_|\___|_|   \__\/ /_/  \__,_|_.__/
```

AlertHub is a simple tool written with NodeJS to get alerted from GitHub and GitLab releases, tags and commits.

When you watch a release over GitHub, you also auto watch the issues and comments etc., however if you want to only follow new releases, or only commits or tags, there isn't a way to achieve this from GitHub directly.

There's been a service called sibbell.com, but they shut down on 15th May, 2018. That's why, I decided to make one for myself.

This simple cli tool watches the releases set in config, and notifies you with E-mail or PushBullet, and provides you an aggregated RSS feed which you can use in IFTTT or your personal feed reader.

**Update 2018.11.28:** GitHub now supports following the repositories' releases, however, it's still buggy for me, and they still don't cover the push notification feature which this tool offers.

## Features

Some people still wonder why this tool, which was released before GitHub release feature announced, yet exists, so I wanted to list the features as a bullet list:

* You can watch GitHub releases, AND tags and commits and issues
* You can also watch private GitHub repositories by providing an access token
* You can watch GitLab tags and commits
* You can watch 3rd party releases which are neither from GitHub nor GitLab
* You can get notified with e-mail when a new update to your watch list is published
* You can also get notified with push notification, using services PushBullet and / or PushOver
* You can generate an aggreagated RSS feed with this tool for all your watches, which is sorted by date, and use this aggregated feed to source to your favorite news reader application, or to pipe to services such as IFTTT etc.
* Self-hosted. Also, no GUI. You can simply set it and forget it

## Requirements

* NodeJS 10.x or newer
* (Optional) PushBullet Api Key
* (Optional) PushOver Api Key
* (Optional) SMTP credentials to dispatch e-mail
* (Optional) Personal GitHub Access token to access to private repositories and to increase fetching rate limits

Either one of the PushBullet, PushOver or the SMTP credentials are required to get notifications. RSS feed doesn't require neither.

## Installation

You can install and run AlertHub with some simple steps:

1. Clone this repository or get the latest release version.
2. Navigate to the repository's folder, and run `npm install` to install dependencies.
3. Run `npm run init` to copy the configuration file.
4. Edit `/etc/config.js`, and fill your credentials.
5. Run `npm start` or something like `pm2 start npm -- start` and run the application.

## Docker Container

To run

```
docker run --name alerthub -d -v /host/path/config.js:/usr/src/app/etc/config.js -p 3444:3444 ghcr.io/ardakilic/alerthub:2
```

## Changelog

I'll keep track of each release in the [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md).

## Upgrading

Please refer to [UPGRADING.md](./UPGRADING.md).

## TODOs / Plans

* A portable storage solution such as SQLite etc.
* ~~Following GitLab releases~~
* Following BitBucket releases
* Multi user feature
* Per-repository webhooks
* ~~Aggregated RSS~~
* ~~Following commits and tags in addition to releases~~
* ~~PushOver integration~~
* ~~Following commits from a specific branch (GitHub and GitLab)~~
* [You say!](https://github.com/Ardakilic/alerthub/issues/new)

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

## Buy me a coffee or beer!

Donations are kindly accepted to help develop my projects further.

BTC: 1QFHeSrhWWVhmneDBkArKvpmPohRjpf7p6

ETH / ERC20 Tokens: 0x3C2b0AC49257300DaB96dF8b49d254Bb696B3458

NEO / Nep5 Tokens: AYbHEah5Y4J6BV8Y9wkWJY7cCyHQameaHc

Stellar (XLM): GBTYNE5RDGH44E7VH4DNYB4NV72GCV5VUH6PJLCJY27JZRO2K7XUML2Q

Commit message:

improved docker documentation for first time users

README.md, after:

AlertHub
--------

```
   _   _           _                _
  /_\ | | ___ _ __| |_  /\  /\_   _| |__
 //_\\| |/ _ \ '__| __|/ /_/ / | | | '_ \
/  _  \ |  __/ |  | |_/ __  /| |_| | |_) |
\_/ \_/_|\___|_|   \__\/ /_/  \__,_|_.__/
```

AlertHub is a simple tool written with NodeJS to get alerted from GitHub and GitLab releases, tags and commits.

When you watch a release over GitHub, you also auto watch the issues and comments etc., however if you want to only follow new releases, or only commits or tags, there isn't a way to achieve this from GitHub directly.

There's been a service called sibbell.com, but they shut down on 15th May, 2018. That's why, I decided to make one for myself.

This simple cli tool watches the releases set in config, and notifies you with E-mail or PushBullet, and provides you an aggregated RSS feed which you can use in IFTTT or your personal feed reader.

**Update 2018.11.28:** GitHub now supports following the repositories' releases, however, it's still buggy for me, and they still don't cover the push notification feature which this tool offers.

## Features

Some people still wonder why this tool, which was released before GitHub release feature announced, yet exists, so I wanted to list the features as a bullet list:

* You can watch GitHub releases, AND tags and commits and issues
* You can also watch private GitHub repositories by providing an access token
* You can watch GitLab tags and commits
* You can watch 3rd party releases which are neither from GitHub nor GitLab
* You can get notified with e-mail when a new update to your watch list is published
* You can also get notified with push notification, using services PushBullet and / or PushOver
* You can generate an aggreagated RSS feed with this tool for all your watches, which is sorted by date, and use this aggregated feed to source to your favorite news reader application, or to pipe to services such as IFTTT etc.
* Self-hosted. Also, no GUI. You can simply set it and forget it

## Requirements

* NodeJS 10.x or newer
* (Optional) PushBullet Api Key
* (Optional) PushOver Api Key
* (Optional) SMTP credentials to dispatch e-mail
* (Optional) Personal GitHub Access token to access to private repositories and to increase fetching rate limits

Either one of the PushBullet, PushOver or the SMTP credentials are required to get notifications. RSS feed doesn't require neither.

## Installation

You can install and run AlertHub with some simple steps:

1. Clone this repository or get the latest release version.
2. Navigate to the repository's folder, and run `npm install` to install dependencies.
3. Run `npm run init` to copy the configuration file.
4. Edit `/etc/config.js`, and fill your credentials.
5. Run `npm start` or something like `pm2 start npm -- start` and run the application.

## Docker Container

First, you need to get the example config file and modify it accordingly, either get a copy from [this repo](./etc/config.example.js), or with the following command:
```
docker run --rm ghcr.io/ardakilic/alerthub:2 cat /usr/src/app/etc/config.js > /host/path/config.js
```

To run

```
docker run --name alerthub -d -v /host/path/config.js:/usr/src/app/etc/config.js -p 3444:3444 ghcr.io/ardakilic/alerthub:2
```

## Changelog

I'll keep track of each release in the [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md).

## Upgrading

Please refer to [UPGRADING.md](./UPGRADING.md).

## TODOs / Plans

* A portable storage solution such as SQLite etc.
* ~~Following GitLab releases~~
* Following BitBucket releases
* Multi user feature
* Per-repository webhooks
* ~~Aggregated RSS~~
* ~~Following commits and tags in addition to releases~~
* ~~PushOver integration~~
* ~~Following commits from a specific branch (GitHub and GitLab)~~
* [You say!](https://github.com/Ardakilic/alerthub/issues/new)

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

## Buy me a coffee or beer!

Donations are kindly accepted to help develop my projects further.

BTC: 1QFHeSrhWWVhmneDBkArKvpmPohRjpf7p6

ETH / ERC20 Tokens: 0x3C2b0AC49257300DaB96dF8b49d254Bb696B3458

NEO / Nep5 Tokens: AYbHEah5Y4J6BV8Y9wkWJY7cCyHQameaHc

Stellar (XLM): GBTYNE5RDGH44E7VH4DNYB4NV72GCV5VUH6PJLCJY27JZRO2K7XUML2Q
